#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
BIOMEDIN 210/CS270
\end_layout

\begin_layout Title
Homework #3
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Lennon Chimbumu (lennonc), Stephanie Young (sryoung)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part*
1).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
a).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A PSM has several many advantages over a rule-based system:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
1).
 They can account for partially random outcomes or decisions that are not
 under the control fo the decision maker.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
2).
 They can provide multiple different solutions to a single problem.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
3).
 They are able to 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

learn
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 by updating probabilities.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph*
b).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Propose and revise, heuristic classification, or skeletal plan refinement?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph*
c).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
What is the difference between a classification method and a constructive
 method? Give an example of how a diagnostic task can be solved by either
 method.
 You may use examples from class.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
